The diploma courses are available via elearning or by 2 days of face-to-face teaching, supported with distance learning materials, email, telephone support and ZOOM tutorials. There are formative and summative assessments throughout the course and after 6 months you will be required to submit your final assignment. This assessment includes performing an audit and is therefore an integral part of general practice. There is no unseen written examination. 

The courses measurable learning outcomes have been benchmarked at level 5, using Ofqual’s regulated qualifications framework (RCF) level descriptors to allow participants to consider the depth of study, difficulty, and level of achievement involved.  Our standards have been independantly audited by Health Education Yorkshire and the Humber for which we achieved the Quality Assurance Certificate.

There is also the option of completing certificate courses,rather than the diploma. The course content is the same as the diploma course and includes formative assessments throughout the study days/online course modules, but does not require a submission of written assignments.

We have scheduled dates for our face to face training centre in Huddersfield throughout the year, however we are also able to offer the option of delivery in your own locality for a minimum fee. Please contact us if you would like to discuss this option further. There are no set dates to commence the online course; this can be started at anytime throughout the year.
